Fix some broken links (#109)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/blog/automation-api-python/index.md

The Automation API is a subpackage in Pulumi’s language-specific SDKs that provides a programmable interface for creating and managing [Stacks]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/stack" >}}) and performing infrastructure updates, refresh, previews, and destroy. You can define a Pulumi program as a function within your codebase and use methods to get and set configuration parameters programmatically. The Automation API uses a gRPC interface to execute programs that control and communicate with the core Pulumi engine.

> To use Automation API, install the Pulumi CLI, which bundles and distributes the core engine. Today it’s available for [Python](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/tree/master/sdk/python/lib/pulumi/automation), [TypeScript/JavaScript](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/x/automation) and [Go](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi/sdk/v2/go/x/auto), with support for [C#](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/compare/auto/dotnet) under active development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Automation API, install the Pulumi CLI, which bundles and distributes the core engine. Today it’s available for [Python](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/tree/master/sdk/python/lib/pulumi/automation), [TypeScript/JavaScript](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/pulumi/automation/) and [Go](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi/sdk/v3/go/auto), with support for [C#](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/compare/auto/dotnet) under active development.
```
